# NOTICE
The creators, collaborators and associates involved in the elaboration of the artificial respirator presented in this document or any of its later versions and / or different language, are not responsible for the improper handling of the materials needed for their construction. In the event which individuals wish to replicate what has been seen in this document and/or all material related to the Zephyros project, it is the sole responsibility of the user that must follow correctly the steps presented within this document for the proper operation of the artificial respirator, otherwise the following harmful situations could be generated:<br /><br />
I.	Oxygen Concentrator: Stand in a place at room temperature with good ventilation flow and otherwise you will ignore the tables presented in the attached document for selecting the best material to use, it may cause the following: <br />
a.	The oxygen concentrator will not be properly sealed, which would cause leaks, resulting in the possibility of suffocation due to oxygen displacement.<br />
b.	Failure to properly follow the instructions for the concentrator execution procedure will not guarantee the oxygen concentrations presented in this document.<br /><br />
II.	Respirator: If not followed l a s specifications or steps established for the correct construction can generate:<br />
a.	Damage to the respirator and / or electronic system so it would not work properly. <br /><br />
b.	That the respirator comes off and destroys generating accidents such as : <br />
i.	Damage to the health of the user or people around him. <br />
III.	Mask: The mask must be washed and free of soap at all times for its proper functioning. <br />
IV.	People who must create the artificial respirator: Adults, therefore, do not leave it within the reach of children in order to avoid accidents. <br />
V.	People who can use it: Those adults who have mild, moderate respiratory difficulties, in both cases, who require partial respiratory assistance. Given the situation of a person with chronic and/or severe respiratory difficulties, please contact professionals for their appropriate treatment.
We are interested in your health and safety, so it is requested to follow the elaboration steps strictly, in this way you will have a good operation. That said, it must be taken into consideration and conscience that if you do not do so, you can see the user involved in one or more assumptions described above and not described , which, as we already mentioned, will not be our responsibility because it was effectively explained how to have good use of the product.
Important: For reasons of humanitarian crisis we allow the use of principles, designs, simulations, manuals, etc. for physical reproduction or improvement in any of its areas until the crisis by covid-19 ends, please contact us in case of improvements and possible agreements. Together we do more. 
All documents and/or files and/or web pages and/or printed and/or electronic multimedia resources; whether design, simulation, manual, etc. And possible improvements themselves or by third parties that are related to the project Zephyros are considered as part of the project Zephyros thus are subject to reference all the names of the participants referred as "Team" within the project. We encourage the enforcement of copyright rights, intellectual property, brand, among others according to international treaties. 
